Add Non-persistent deployment type (#197)
microsoft/DeepSpeed-MII: README.md

    mii_config=mii_configs)
```

**Non-persistent Deployment**

> You can enable a non-persistent deployment which allows you to make queries without standing up a server. This can be achieved by setting `deployment_type` to `NON_PERSISTENT` in `mii.deploy(...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable a non-persistent deployment which allows you to make queries without standing up a server. The non-persistent deployment acts as a simplified interface to DeepSpeed-inference for use cases that do not require creating a persistent model server process. Changing the `deployment_type` to `NON_PERSISTENT` in `mii.deploy(...)` will activate this option.
```

```python
...
mii.deploy(deployment_name = DEPLOYMENT_NAME,
	   deployment_type=mii.constants.DeploymentType.NON_PERSISTENT
	   ...
	   )

generator = mii.mii_query_handle(DEPLOYMENT_NAME)

> retult = generator.query({"query": ["DeepSpeed is", "Seattle is"]}, do_sample=True, max_new_tokens=30})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result = generator.query({"query": ["DeepSpeed is", "Seattle is"]}, do_sample=True, max_new_tokens=30})
```
